hey guys it's jeff Karen from YouTube I
came back from tennis and all that fun
stuff like carpool I really don't have a
whole lot of time before my husband
starts grumbling about me being this
dinner I'm keeping our health in mine
I'm going to start out with sauteing
some broccoli we're going to have salmon
and broccoli we're going to have it a
little zesty I've got some thai pepper
here and I've got white onion and some
ginger and minced garlic so um waiting
like my pan is hot I'm going to add a
little bit of extra virgin olive oil to
that not too much going to spread it on
my pan get it heated up so it sizzles
what it hits it first thing I'm going to
do is just put my broccoli in there we
go look very easy just cut it from the
cool kind of broccoli that I got from
the grocery store if you can pepper in
there and some kosher salt remember
which season as we go along so wanna
liberal with your salt and pepper you go
ahead and get that going on here
a little bit of butter for taste and
even though mark is watching this
cholesterol I can't help but get the
butter in there so take off the job of
chunk of butter I'm going to throw that
in there oils in your pan allows you to
see your stir-fry there it goes little
sizzle a little bit more sizzle going on
I'm going to add my onions hey how are
you are you hungry okay what's online
i'm making dinner i added some wait i
need like I'm in doubt yes you introduce
your fruits and vegetables are awaiting
your kids and hand it to him they're
probably gonna end up eating it all
right now I'm going to add you can you
can start to see that your color is
during the darkened that's good that's
what you want you want it to be a bright
green you don't want it to be an army
green army green means that you took it
to too high of a level to cook it like
your mom may have but nowadays we're
trying to do a more healthy version of
broccoli less cheese sauce in fact there
is no cheese sauce in this broccoli
those were my peppers
and what I like to do is add a little
bit of lemon juice and white wine so
give it your traditional crisscross add
a little bit of that
you don't want to tart I'm going to add
a little bit of white wine
feels good that he just pops right off
that pan this is ginger fresh ginger
it's very easy to get at the grocery
store I'm going to fit through my garlic
press and just squeeze that on do one
more in there kind of let me get a thick
pulp so remove that and then squeeze in
those juices from the ginger come in and
add some garlic add the garlic at the
end citroën garlic turning brown you can
smell the ginger and garlic and the
lemon juices it's a little bit of white
ball leave the kid alone love it more
salt that's about done right there hot
some quick sauteed broccoli that's
healthy and delicious serve one side
with your stamina put it in your gonna
fun way there you go is he a fine